Don't worry.
I will definitely treat you well tonight.
What do you mean?
Make money?
I will definitely be able to earn a lot tonight.
Say good
What are we going to buy?
Henghai Technology
I heard that this stock is about to stop.
Thank you. This stock is definitely not going up tonight
And it's a lot
The scene is not far
Listen to my advice
The stock market is deep
You must not be too confident.
Jiaqi, if you believe me
Just buy it with me.
I promise to make a lot of money
Then I'll vote 2 million
in case
I'm just saying, what if?
In case you fall
The money in my hand is not allowed either
Well, you will regret coming to reward me tonight
If you succeed, just wait to save money
Shepherd fell
No hurry
Your child is not in a hurry, it is about to drop by the limit.
Hey, it's up, it's up.
Lu Yao, you are too amazing
How much do we make?
Estimate
Just 100 million
One hundred million
One night.
Lu Yao, you are too amazing
Let me tell you a secret.